All right.
Welcome back my students.
So on this lecture I'm going to show you how to actually pool information data that has being of data
from the repository into your computer.
Because let's say for example somebody comes somebody's country to see your project and you accept a
contribution.
And those files go into the main project.
How are you going to have it in your computer.
You don't have it automatically sinked.
So you need to pull it.
But I'm also going to show you in this lecture how to contribute to somebody else's project.
Right and we do that by by putting a request.
But anyway let me show you how to pool the files first so let's say for example I want to end the day
the e-mail and I edit this file.
Let's go ahead and edit it.
And just going to add something like I say one and say hello page one there.
All right cool.
Now I'm going to write what I did of in and staged the mail with Hello.
All right.
And that's it.
We're going to commit the changes.
All right.
And if you go to comments if you go to your call right now and you click on comments you can see that
I just committed there.
Right.
Cool.
But now if you go back to your project Let's go to to our Get cores folder.
Rectory.
We can see the file if we go and study this file now knowing that stage the amount we don't have anything
here.
So let's control at home.
Get out of there and what we're going to do is going if they we're going to say good pool enter and
now you can see now if we go to in it's not in that stage the amount that that change has been pulled
from there.
All right control again if you can get log ops.
All right.
You can see that even the commed has been pulled as well of data and it's actually a male with Hello
.
And he scans from the.
That's a user that's they alter and the repository online.
All right so we have this information already pooled and we're Should we see that we can pull information
from the repository to our local computer right.
That's OK.
But now let's say for example we want somebody else to we want to make a.
Let's imagine for a moment there that we want to make a we want to contribute to a project or I.
So I'm going to log in as another user from another browser is super important that you know another
browser sense.
Again with the tech if you have another user and we try to link their accounts.
So right now we have this user DL.
Edwin right now and we have this repository with in the mail.
So now let's imagine that another user wants to contribute here to this project what can they do.
All right cool.
So I'm going to get my browser I have the other project right here.
The other user.
So we have these are these are called the coding faculty.
So now I'm going to grab the name of this project right here.
I'm sitting here and look for it.
I can't find it.
For some reason.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is I don't into a van search and I look for the owners of it.
Yes there we go search for it.
Let's take this out and do it like this.
There we go.
We find this there and now we are using the other account remember that.
OK.
We're using the other account the recording faculty and we're going to make a new pool requests.
All right.
So we see this project here and we say listen I want to contribute to this.
How can I contribute to this right.
Well the first the first step to contribute to any project is by making a poor request.
All right but let's forget about making a poor request.
Let's say you want to have this project in your computer and then you want to do changes there.
You don't want to just come here and edit files from here because we can do that.
Anybody could do that.
But let's go ahead and fork this awry and it's asking me where should you see is already the testing
that these accounts are linked.
So I'm going to fork it to this user.
All right and you're going to see this in a minute here.
So is forking this.
And now if I go to this user we have these new repository created for us there.
So now I've got to do is come back to my local computer and let's say forget about this learning good
this is the other did as users folder.
Let's create another for the for the coding faculty.
So I'm to courting faculty.
All right.
And now I'm going to go to the terminal and I clear all this out and go into the desktop and I'm going
to go to this folder.
And here is what I'm going to say get clone loops and paste that you are all in there answer.
All right.
And now if I do.
Unless you can see the good course in there and I can go and see the two that I would go.
Now we have that in the demo.
Now here you can start doing basically the same thing we have been doing all this time.
All right.
Now all we have to do is let's say for example we create a new file.
Remember that when you for a kid what you do is when you fork it you create a new copy in your own account
.
And then you are cloning that same copy your copy into your local computer.
All right.
So here you walk onto the whatever you want.
This is your own copy of the project.
All right.
You're not making changes in the other repository which is which belongs to this guy right here.
You're not making changes there.
I'll show you right now that we are not so let's say good.
And we're going to add everything in their.
And then we're going to say good comment with a message.
And mine you committed or something like that.
There we go get status.
Let's get started here.
All right.
That's it.
All right so now let's push this up.
Let's say good push origin.
Right.
And Master answer is going ask is for the name.
This has a different user name according.
For the password.
There we go.
And now if we come back here and refresh this other account you can see that has posed at BHB.
And if you go to the other I counted as and when I count your refresh and that one does not have those
changes.
All right.
So you're working entirely on a different dot contribute contributor is working entirely on a different
project.
Right.
They clone your project they're working on it.
They can do a new pool requests.
All right.
And create a pool request my new commed.
Now they created up all requests and when you go to your project here refresh you gonna to see that
this person has a new command.
If you want accepter or not.
All right.
You click on it and you say listen wow that new command looks exciting.
What did he do.
All right.
So you first check of what that person did.
They committed it they create it right here.
You check on it you see that they created this new file.
You check you make sure that is good and then you you can go back and you say you know what I like it
and you merge it.
Cf. March done.
Now you go back to your code and now the new file is there.
All right I hope you see the concept on how easy it is to country view.
Now don't confuse your contributors with collaborators.
All right there are two different things I'm going to show you right now.
If I go to settings real quick and I got a collaborator when you want to collaborate are they have the
they have a lot more information than contribute a contributor.
So when you had a collaborator make sure that you know the person that you trust the person because
what they can do is that can push changes into your main project.
Right.
You can look for the the name of that contributor here.
OK.
The coding faculty for example.
Well I mean according faculty right there you can find that Contributor and you King Adam and then they
can do more things that contribute our contributor is anybody that find your project on line.
Because remember that your projects Pawlick arrive by default.
And if anybody finds it online they can become a country contributor.
They can create a pool request if you like their requests.
Then you can merge it to your project and create a better project.
All right so hopefully you got the idea.
But anyway if you don't don't worry we're going to keep playing around with this.
We're going to go and create the our project and we're going to upload it to hop and make sure that
it's there.
And and I'd suggest that you do it right that you upload anything not overload everything but make sure
that you have version control on your important files or you have version control in your project or
right every time you're creating a real project online that you care about.
Use version control use good.
All right.
But anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next hour lectures.